Our next exercise is going to
look a little bit at functions.
And have some practice around both
regular functions and variadic functions.
So we're gonna tackle both Exercise
#4A and #4B at the same time.
So if we hop over to the complex
structures directory and
look at the exercise #4A file.
The goal of this exercise is to
practice writing some functions.
We'll create a file called exercise_4a.go,
you can throw that in the code directory.
The first thing you're going to do
is create a function called average,
which is going to take three arguments.
And for this example,
let's try to do it the explicit way,
where you're actually passing
three exact arguments.
And all of those arguments
should be floats.
At the end of the day,
the function should return at
the average of those three arguments.
Which is also gonna be a float, and then
make sure to call that function a main.
And see something print to the console.
In #4B,
we're gonna take that exact function and
refactor it to use
a variadic version of it.
So you can either refactor the code
that you write from exercise #4A or
start from scratch.
If you just really wanna practice
setting up a go template file.
And then for
the directions just refactor your code
using the spread operator type syntax.
Well, we're still
calculating that average, so
a couple hints to get you going.
The first one is that to find
the length of a collection,
you can use the built in function LEN.
An LEN is gonna take whatever
collection you pass it, and
give you back the length of that thing.
And then,
another hint is keep an eye on what
type LEN some collection gives you back.